Leave Policy

Our company leave policy provides employees with various types of leave entitlements to
support work-life balance, health, and personal development.

Annual Leave:
All full-time employees are entitled to twenty (20) days of paid annual leave per calendar year.
Part-time employees receive annual leave on a pro-rata basis.
Annual leave must be requested in writing and approved by the direct supervisor.
Unused annual leave does not carry over to the next calendar year unless approved under exceptional circumstances.

Sick Leave:
Employees are entitled to ten (10) days of paid sick leave annually.
Sick leave may be taken for personal illness, injury, or medical appointments.
Employees must inform their supervisor as soon as possible when sick leave is required.
For absences longer than two days, a medical certificate is required.

Parental Leave:
Employees who have completed at least twelve (12) months of continuous service are eligible for parental leave.
Parental leave consists of up to twelve (12) weeks of unpaid leave for the birth, adoption, or placement of a child.
Requests for parental leave should be submitted at least thirty (30) days in advance when practicable.

Bereavement Leave:
Employees may take up to five (5) days of paid bereavement leave upon the death of an immediate family member.
Additional unpaid leave may be granted upon request.

Jury Duty:
Employees summoned for jury duty will be granted paid leave for the duration of their service.
Documentation of jury duty service must be provided to HR.

Public Holidays:
Employees are entitled to paid time off for recognized public holidays.
If required to work on a public holiday, employees may receive equivalent time off in lieu.

Unpaid Leave:
Employees may request unpaid leave for personal reasons. Such leave must be approved by their supervisor and HR.
Approval will depend on business needs and the reason for the request.

Policy Updates:
This policy is subject to review and may be updated as needed.
Employees will be notified of significant changes.

For further clarification, employees should contact the Human Resources department.
